hey there it's I've been dieting what
you're watching here is episode 9 of our
hot ability ultimate PC series in this
episode we'll focus on how to choose a
monitor remember we're currently running
a contest where you will have the
opportunity to win a PC estimated at
$5,000 so pay attention because we will
be testing your knowledge at the end of
the video for your chance to enter and
win we're going to test your knowledge
at the end of the video it's gonna
happen be there expect us
there are a few things to keep in mind
when choosing monitors size and
resolution IPS versus TN and VESA
compatibility monitor screen sizes come
in wide square slim or regular monitor
resolution ranges from 1080p all the way
up to 4k the main advantage is with IPS
monitors is that the technology offers
noticeably better color reproduction as
well as much better viewing angles TN
monitors also offer high brightness and
draw less another important factor is
that they are cheap to manufacture
resulting in low prices for end-users
TN is older tech but have shorter
response times which make them great for
gaming in combination with LED
backlighting TN monitors also offer high
brightness and draw less power than
competing technologies the set
compatibility is another great factor
which allows you to be able to mount
your screen or not the good we will
start off with our good monitor and that
is the Acer K 2 2 2 h ql 22 inch LCD
monitor it's 1080p VESA compatible it's
an IPS and features a 22 inch LED HD
widescreen with its DVI and VGA ports
it's perfect for everyday needs the
better our better monitor is the Acer G
25 7 HL BM I DX 25 inch LED monitor it's
1080p it's not less a compatible but
it's an IPS and features a slim 25 inch
wide screen edge to edge glass with its
HDMI DVI VGA ports and built-in speakers
it's great for everyday computing gaming
and movies the best finally our best
monitor is the Acer xB 2 8 0 HK 28 inch
4k the video g-sync monitor it features
4k resolution it's Vista compatible has
USB ports and is an IPS panel type that
features a 1 millisecond response time
with 28 inches of
wide-screen fury on an ergonomic stand
you can watch and do everything on this
and that's why this monitor is our pick
for the taiga direct ultimate PC build
if you are interested in any of these
products we have posted links in the
video description box below so swap out
your components and make continued
upgrades to your build so you're always
on the cutting edge of the latest tech
contestants prepare your rumps for this
episode's tech trivia question our tech
trivia question for this episode is
which one of these monitors features 4k
resolution the answer is in your dome
okay guys I'm going to level with you
that's your tech trivia question to
enter this contest hop on over to this
videos Facebook post and comment with
your answer well there you have it this
concludes episode 9 of our how to build
the ultimate PC series we hope you've
enjoyed this video and be sure to stick
around for all future episodes
tigerdirect ultimate PC build good luck
Ivan out hey guys if you liked this
video give it a thumbs up subscribe to
our channel leave a comment below also
make sure to check out these videos and
remember for the best deals in tech
always go tigerdirect